# Auto Scheduler

This is a single page application created using pure js. Documentation is split up by file.

## General
Files that declare variables, constants, and functions regularly used by other parts of the application.

- **[globals.js](globals.md)**: Contains all enums and global variables used to contain data.
- **[elements.js](elements.md)**: Caches most HTML elements in global variables.
- **[popups.js](popups.md)**: Creates popups shown when loading and closing the page.
- **[console.js](console.md)**: Functions used to display to the in-app console.

## Utility
Functions used for specific, and common tasks.

- **[session-times.js](utility/session-times.md)**: Check if a given session time is valid.
- **[time-convert.js](utility/time-convert.md)**: Convert strings representing times to integers and vice-versa.

## Classes

- **[time.js](classes/time.md)**: Time class used to describe time blocks within a Schedule.
- **[schedule.js](classes/schedule.md)**: Schedule class used to contain the Times for Tutors and Rooms.
- **[course.js](classes/course.md)**: Course class used to contain data for each course a Tutor is assigned to. A Tutor can contain multiple Courses.
- **[tutor.js](classes/tutor.md)**: Tutor class used to describe a tutor's Course assignments and schedule.
- **[room.js](classes/room.md)**: Room class used to describe a room's schedule, and classifications.

## Procedure
Files containing functions central to the scheduling procedure.

- **[input.js](procedure/input.md)**: Initial input handling of table data, read from the input field.
- **[parse.js](procedure/parse.md)**: Parses data objects passed from input.js functions to build container objects (Tutors, Rooms, etc).
- **[display.js](procedure/display.md)**: Functions used to update the DOM.
- **[schedulers.js](procedure/schedulers.md)**: Contains specific scheduling strategies. Strategies are assigned to specific positions with the `scheduleBuilders` object in globals.js.
- **[build-schedules.js](procedure/build-schedules.md)**: Creates schedules for all tutors, sessions are scheduled using the specific strategies from schedulers.js.
- **[copy.js](procedure/copy.md)**: Copies schedules to the user's clipboard.

## Buttons
Secondary features.

- **[filter.js](buttons/filter.md)**: Filters Tutors and Rooms based on criteria.
- **[search.js](buttons/search.md)**: Search for specific Tutor(s) based on name, email, or course.
- **[section-switch.js](buttons/section-switch.md)**: Switch between Tutor and Room displays.
- **[tutor-actions.js](buttons/tutor-actions.md)**: Functions called by buttons generated by Tutor displays.
- **[schedule-actions.js](buttons/schedule-actions.md)**: Functions called by buttons generated by Schedule displays.
